>> Brian Holt: So
the mole.next here is going to
be getGoneInterval, mole.status = gone.
What I want to do is I want
the mole to disappear.
So if you remember up here,
we made this gone, right, this gone class.
So we need to put that
gone thing on the mole.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna say
mole.node.children.
This is gonna give you all of
the children of that particular element.
We're gonna grab the first
one cuz node.children,
this one right here,
this is always going to give you a list.
Even if there's 1 even if there's 0 it's
always going to give you a list of them.
So we always get the first one, which is
what this 0 is going to do right there.
And we're going to say
.classlist.add gone.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
This is going to go grab the mole,
which actually,
if you remember correctly,
gives you the hole, I think.
Yeah, so the hole is this div right here.
When we're asking for node.children 0,
the thing that we're actually gonna
get back is the image tag here.
Which is what we actually want.
And we're gonna break.